docs/02-using-with-puppet-device/03-configure-puppet-device/README.md, before:

# Configure Puppet device

Puppet device is Puppet's agentless catalog execution service. It executes a catalog on an agent node, and applies the catalog via a module to a remote and agentless device. This approach is used by Puppet module developers for agentless device management. For more information on its history at Puppet, see the [manual page](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/6.4/man/device.html). Note that we are in the process of upgrading our agentless capabilities, using both [Bolt](https://puppet.com/products/bolt) and Agentless Catalog Executor(ACE) that we will release later in 2019.

1. Firstly, you need to find the location of a file called `device.conf`, which contains a information about device specific configuration files. Run `puppet config print deviceconfig` to find the location of the `device.conf` file, this will look similar to `/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/device.conf`

2. Check whether there is anything already in the `device.conf` file. To view the `device.conf` file, referred run `cat /etc/puppetlabs/puppet/device.conf`. If the file exists, you will see the contents displayed. If it does not exist, you will get a message stating that `No such file or directory exists`.

3. The `device.conf` file needs to contain an alias, type and url to a credentials file:

```
[firewall.example.com]
type panos
url file:////etc/puppetlabs/puppet/devices/firewall.example.com.conf
```

4. You have told Puppet that there is a device for `puppet device` to manage. Now you need to enter credentials in the configuration file referenced above. Enter the following details inside the `/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/devices/firewall.example.com.conf` file:

```
host: 192.168.99.101
user: admin
password: admin
ssl_fingerprint: <certificate SHA256 fingerprint>
```

The host is the IP address of the Palo Alto firewall you want to manage.

In this lab, we use the SHA256 fingerprint of the certificate for verification. To get the certificate's fingerprint, see the certificate in a browser, or for Linux users, use the `openssl` command:

```
echo | openssl s_client -connect <hostname of IP of Palo Alto firewall>:443 2>&1 | openssl x509 -fingerprint -noout -sha256
```


> Note: The `host` needs to match the `Common Name (CN)` of the certificate of the firewall. For Puppet employees using VMPooler images, the CN name may be a generated string that does not match the FQDN. We advise you to edit the hosts file in this instance, or to replace `ssl_fingerprint: <certificate SHA256 fingerprint>` with `ssl: false` so that it does not perform SSL validation.

# Next steps

Before you can start interacting with the device, you need to sign the certificates.

[Sign the Certificate](./../04-sign-the-cert/README.md)

Commit message:

rectifying the steps for disabling ssl verification

docs/02-using-with-puppet-device/03-configure-puppet-device/README.md, after:

# Configure Puppet device

Puppet device is Puppet's agentless catalog execution service. It executes a catalog on an agent node, and applies the catalog via a module to a remote and agentless device. This approach is used by Puppet module developers for agentless device management. For more information on its history at Puppet, see the [manual page](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/6.4/man/device.html). Note that we are in the process of upgrading our agentless capabilities, using both [Bolt](https://puppet.com/products/bolt) and Agentless Catalog Executor(ACE) that we will release later in 2019.

1. Firstly, you need to find the location of a file called `device.conf`, which contains a information about device specific configuration files. Run `puppet config print deviceconfig` to find the location of the `device.conf` file, this will look similar to `/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/device.conf`

2. Check whether there is anything already in the `device.conf` file. To view the `device.conf` file, referred run `cat /etc/puppetlabs/puppet/device.conf`. If the file exists, you will see the contents displayed. If it does not exist, you will get a message stating that `No such file or directory exists`.

3. The `device.conf` file needs to contain an alias, type and url to a credentials file:

```
[firewall.example.com]
type panos
url file:////etc/puppetlabs/puppet/devices/firewall.example.com.conf
```

4. You have told Puppet that there is a device for `puppet device` to manage. Now you need to enter credentials in the configuration file referenced above. Enter the following details inside the `/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/devices/firewall.example.com.conf` file:

```
host: 192.168.99.101
user: admin
password: admin
ssl_fingerprint: <certificate SHA256 fingerprint>
```

The host is the IP address of the Palo Alto firewall you want to manage.

By default, the module performs SSL verification. To disable this, replace `ssl_fingerprint: <certificate SHA256 fingerprint>` with `ssl: false` in `/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/devices/firewall.example.com.conf`

In this lab, we use the SHA256 fingerprint of the certificate for verification. To get the certificate's fingerprint, see the certificate in a browser, or for Linux users, use the `openssl` command:

```
echo | openssl s_client -connect <hostname of IP of Palo Alto firewall>:443 2>&1 | openssl x509 -fingerprint -noout -sha256
```


> Note: The `host` needs to match the `Common Name (CN)` of the certificate of the firewall. For Puppet employees using VMPooler images, the CN name may be a generated string that does not match the FQDN. We advise you to edit the hosts file in this instance, or to replace `ssl_fingerprint: <certificate SHA256 fingerprint>` with `ssl: false` so that it does not perform SSL validation.

# Next steps

Before you can start interacting with the device, you need to sign the certificates.

[Sign the Certificate](./../04-sign-the-cert/README.md)
