README.md, before:



# panos [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos.svg?token=EgyaCjCqJtXUWAZqypZQ&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos)


#### Table of Contents

1. [Module Description - What the module does and why it is useful](#module-description)
2. [Setup - The basics of getting started with PANOS](#setup)
    * [Setup requirements](#setup-requirements)
    * [Beginning with PANOS](#beginning-with-panos)
3. [Usage - Configuration options and additional functionality](#usage)
4. [Reference - An under-the-hood peek at what the module is doing and how](#reference)
5. [Limitations - OS compatibility, etc.](#limitations)
6. [Development - Guide for contributing to the module](#development)


## Module Description

The PANOS module allows for the configuration of Palo Alto firewalls running PANOS 7.1.0 or PANOS 8.1.0.

Any changes made by this module to the various resources must be committed before they are made available to the running configuration. This can be done by including `panos_commit` within your manifest, or alternatively executing the `commit` task.

This module provides a Puppet task to manually `commit`, `store_config` to a file and `set_config` from a file.

## Setup

### Setup Requirements

This module requires a user that can access the device's web management interface.

### Beginning with PANOS

To get started, create or edit `/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/device.conf`, add a section for the device (this will become the device's `certname`), specify a type of `panos`, and specify a `url` to a credentials file. For example:

```INI
[firewall.example.com]
type panos
url file:////etc/puppetlabs/puppet/devices/firewall.example.com.conf`
```

Next, create a credentials file, following the [HOCON documentation](https://github.com/lightbend/config/blob/master/HOCON.md) regarding quoted/unquoted strings, with connection information for the device.

There are two valid type of creditial file.

* (a) A file containing the host, username and password in plain text:
  ```
  host: 10.0.10.20
  user: admin
  password: admin
  ```
* (b) A file containing the host and an API key obtained from the device:
  ```
  host: 10.0.10.20
  apikey: LUFRPT10cHhRNXMyR2wrYW1MSzg5cldhNElodmVkL1U9OEV1cGY5ZjJyc2xGL1Z4Qk9TNFM2dz09
  ```

To obtain an API key for the device, use the `panos::apikey` task. The required creditials file should be in the format of (a) above. After which it can be discarded.

```
bolt task run panos::apikey credentials_file=spec/fixtures/test-password.conf
```


Test your setup. For example:

`puppet device --verbose --target firewall.example.com`

More information on the usage of `puppet device` is available in the [Puppet Documentation](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/5.5/puppet_device.html)

## Usage
Create a manifest with the changes you want to apply. For example:

```Puppet
panos_admin {
  'frank':
    ensure        =>  'present',
    password_hash =>  pw_hash('password', 'MD5'),
    ssh_key       =>  'ssh-rsa AAAA... frank@firewall.example.com',
    role          =>  'superuser';
}
```

The repo's acceptance tests examples contain a [useful reference](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos/blob/master/spec/fixtures/create.pp) on the use of the module's Types.

__NOTE:__ pw_hash function in the above example requires [puppetlabs-stdlib](https://forge.puppet.com/puppetlabs/stdlib)


### Puppet Device

Run Puppet device apply to apply the changes:

`puppet device  --target firewall.example.com --apply manifest.pp `

Run Puppet device resource to obtain the current values:

`puppet device --resource --target firewall.example.com panos_admin`

## Reference

Full Type reference documentation availble. See [REFERENCE.md](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos/blob/master/REFERENCE.md)

## Limitations

This module has been tested using PANOS 7.1.0 and 8.1.0

## Development

Contributions are welcome, especially if they can be of use to other users.

Checkout the [repo](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos) by forking and creating your feature branch.

### Type

Add new types to the type directory.
We use the [Resource API format](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet-resource_api/blob/master/README.md).


These PANOS types extend the Resource API by adding in `xpath` values, which are used by their respective providers when retireving data from the PANOS API. If the atrribute expects multiple values to be returned, `xpath_array` will be declared.


Here is a simple example:

```Ruby
  require 'puppet/resource_api'

  Puppet::ResourceApi.register_type(
    name: 'new_thing',
    docs: 'Configure the new thing of the device',
    features: ['remote_resource'],
    base_xpath: 'some/xapth/to/the/type',
    attributes: {
      ensure:       {
        type:       'Enum[present, absent]',
        desc:       'Whether the new thing should be present or absent on the target system.',
        default:    'present',
      },
      name:         {
        type:      'String',
        desc:      'The name of the new thing',
        xpath:     'some/xapth/to/the/type',
        behaviour: :namevar,
      },
      # Other fields in resource API format
    },
  )

```

### Provider

Add a provider — see existing examples. Parsing logic is contained each types respective provider directory with a common [base provider](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos/blob/master/lib/puppet/provider/panos_provider.rb) available.

### Testing

There are 2 levels of testing found under `spec`.

To test this module you will need to have a Palo Alto machine available. The virtual machine images from their support area work fine in virtualbox and vmware. Alternatively you can use the PAYG offering on AWS. Note that the VMs do not have to have a license deployed to be usable for development.

* [XML API docs](https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/documentation/81/pan-os/xml-api)
* [Palo Alto on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/search/results?x=0&y=0&searchTerms=palo+alto&page=1&ref_=nav_search_box)


#### Unit Testing

Unit tests test the parsing and command generation logic executed locally.

First execute `bundle exec rake spec_prep` to ensure that the local types are made available to the spec tests.

Then execute with `bundle exec rake spec`.

#### Acceptance Testing

Acceptance tests are executed on actual devices.

Use test values and make sure that these are non-destructive.

The acceptance tests locate the Palo Alto box used for testing through environment variables. The current test setup allows for three different scenarios:

* Static configuration: the VM or physical box is already running somewhere.
  Set `PANOS_TEST_HOST` to the FQDN/IP of the box and `PANOS_TEST_PLATFORM` to a platform string in the form of `palo-alto-VERSION-x86_64`.
* VMPooler: if you have a VMPooler instance available, set `VMPOOLER_HOST` to the hostname of your VMPooler instance (it defaults to Puppet's internal service), and `PANOS_TEST_PLATFORM` to the platform string of VMPooler you want to use.
* ABS: When running on Puppet's internal infrastructure, reserved instances are passed into the job through `ABS_RESOURCE_HOSTS`.

To specify the username and password used to connect to the box, set `PANOS_TEST_USER` and `PANOS_TEST_PASSWORD` respectively. Palo Alto's VMs default to `admin`/`admin`, which is also used as a default, if you don't specify anything.

After you have configured the system under test, you can run the acceptance tests directly using

```
bundle exec rspec spec/acceptance
```

or using the legacy rake task

```
bundle exec rake beaker
```

### Cutting a release

To cut a new release, from a current `master` checkout:

* Start the release branch with `git checkout -b release-prep`
* Execute the [Puppet Strings](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/5.5/puppet_strings.html) rake task to update [REFERENCE.md](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos/blob/master/REFERENCE.md)

```
bundle exec rake strings:generate[,,,,,REFERENCE.md,true]
```

Commit message:

(FM-7280) Creation of panos::install classes for dependencies
Ensures that the builder gem is present on agent and the resource_api::agent is included and resource_api::server is included for puppetserver/PE configuration.

Updated the README for instructions on this setup.

README.md, after:



# panos [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos.svg?token=EgyaCjCqJtXUWAZqypZQ&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos)


#### Table of Contents

1. [Module Description - What the module does and why it is useful](#module-description)
2. [Setup - The basics of getting started with PANOS](#setup)
    * [Setup requirements](#setup-requirements)
    * [Beginning with PANOS](#beginning-with-panos)
3. [Usage - Configuration options and additional functionality](#usage)
4. [Reference - An under-the-hood peek at what the module is doing and how](#reference)
5. [Limitations - OS compatibility, etc.](#limitations)
6. [Development - Guide for contributing to the module](#development)


## Module Description

The PANOS module allows for the configuration of Palo Alto firewalls running PANOS 7.1.0 or PANOS 8.1.0.

Any changes made by this module to the various resources must be committed before they are made available to the running configuration. This can be done by including `panos_commit` within your manifest, or alternatively executing the `commit` task.

This module provides a Puppet task to manually `commit`, `store_config` to a file and `set_config` from a file.

## Setup

### Setup Requirements

This module requires a user that can access the device's web management interface and the dependences will need to be installed.

The PANOS module has a dependency on the `resource_api`, the setup instructions can be found [on the Resource API README](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-resource_api#resource_api).

* on each puppetserver or PE master that needs to manage PANOS devices, classify or apply the `panos::server` class.
* on each puppet agent that needs to manage PAOS devices, classify or apply the `panos::agent` class.

### Beginning with PANOS

To get started, create or edit `/etc/puppetlabs/puppet/device.conf`, add a section for the device (this will become the device's `certname`), specify a type of `panos`, and specify a `url` to a credentials file. For example:

```INI
[firewall.example.com]
type panos
url file:////etc/puppetlabs/puppet/devices/firewall.example.com.conf`
```

Next, create a credentials file, following the [HOCON documentation](https://github.com/lightbend/config/blob/master/HOCON.md) regarding quoted/unquoted strings, with connection information for the device.

There are two valid type of creditial file.

* (a) A file containing the host, username and password in plain text:
  ```
  host: 10.0.10.20
  user: admin
  password: admin
  ```
* (b) A file containing the host and an API key obtained from the device:
  ```
  host: 10.0.10.20
  apikey: LUFRPT10cHhRNXMyR2wrYW1MSzg5cldhNElodmVkL1U9OEV1cGY5ZjJyc2xGL1Z4Qk9TNFM2dz09
  ```

To obtain an API key for the device, use the `panos::apikey` task. The required creditials file should be in the format of (a) above. After which it can be discarded.

```
bolt task run panos::apikey credentials_file=spec/fixtures/test-password.conf
```


Test your setup. For example:

`puppet device --verbose --target firewall.example.com`

More information on the usage of `puppet device` is available in the [Puppet Documentation](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/5.5/puppet_device.html)

## Usage
Create a manifest with the changes you want to apply. For example:

```Puppet
panos_admin {
  'frank':
    ensure        =>  'present',
    password_hash =>  pw_hash('password', 'MD5'),
    ssh_key       =>  'ssh-rsa AAAA... frank@firewall.example.com',
    role          =>  'superuser';
}
```

The repo's acceptance tests examples contain a [useful reference](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos/blob/master/spec/fixtures/create.pp) on the use of the module's Types.

__NOTE:__ pw_hash function in the above example requires [puppetlabs-stdlib](https://forge.puppet.com/puppetlabs/stdlib)


### Puppet Device

Run Puppet device apply to apply the changes:

`puppet device  --target firewall.example.com --apply manifest.pp `

Run Puppet device resource to obtain the current values:

`puppet device --resource --target firewall.example.com panos_admin`

## Reference

Full Type reference documentation availble. See [REFERENCE.md](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos/blob/master/REFERENCE.md)

## Limitations

This module has been tested using PANOS 7.1.0 and 8.1.0

## Development

Contributions are welcome, especially if they can be of use to other users.

Checkout the [repo](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos) by forking and creating your feature branch.

### Type

Add new types to the type directory.
We use the [Resource API format](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppet-resource_api/blob/master/README.md).


These PANOS types extend the Resource API by adding in `xpath` values, which are used by their respective providers when retireving data from the PANOS API. If the atrribute expects multiple values to be returned, `xpath_array` will be declared.


Here is a simple example:

```Ruby
  require 'puppet/resource_api'

  Puppet::ResourceApi.register_type(
    name: 'new_thing',
    docs: 'Configure the new thing of the device',
    features: ['remote_resource'],
    base_xpath: 'some/xapth/to/the/type',
    attributes: {
      ensure:       {
        type:       'Enum[present, absent]',
        desc:       'Whether the new thing should be present or absent on the target system.',
        default:    'present',
      },
      name:         {
        type:      'String',
        desc:      'The name of the new thing',
        xpath:     'some/xapth/to/the/type',
        behaviour: :namevar,
      },
      # Other fields in resource API format
    },
  )

```

### Provider

Add a provider — see existing examples. Parsing logic is contained each types respective provider directory with a common [base provider](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos/blob/master/lib/puppet/provider/panos_provider.rb) available.

### Testing

There are 2 levels of testing found under `spec`.

To test this module you will need to have a Palo Alto machine available. The virtual machine images from their support area work fine in virtualbox and vmware. Alternatively you can use the PAYG offering on AWS. Note that the VMs do not have to have a license deployed to be usable for development.

* [XML API docs](https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/documentation/81/pan-os/xml-api)
* [Palo Alto on AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/search/results?x=0&y=0&searchTerms=palo+alto&page=1&ref_=nav_search_box)


#### Unit Testing

Unit tests test the parsing and command generation logic executed locally.

First execute `bundle exec rake spec_prep` to ensure that the local types are made available to the spec tests.

Then execute with `bundle exec rake spec`.

#### Acceptance Testing

Acceptance tests are executed on actual devices.

Use test values and make sure that these are non-destructive.

The acceptance tests locate the Palo Alto box used for testing through environment variables. The current test setup allows for three different scenarios:

* Static configuration: the VM or physical box is already running somewhere.
  Set `PANOS_TEST_HOST` to the FQDN/IP of the box and `PANOS_TEST_PLATFORM` to a platform string in the form of `palo-alto-VERSION-x86_64`.
* VMPooler: if you have a VMPooler instance available, set `VMPOOLER_HOST` to the hostname of your VMPooler instance (it defaults to Puppet's internal service), and `PANOS_TEST_PLATFORM` to the platform string of VMPooler you want to use.
* ABS: When running on Puppet's internal infrastructure, reserved instances are passed into the job through `ABS_RESOURCE_HOSTS`.

To specify the username and password used to connect to the box, set `PANOS_TEST_USER` and `PANOS_TEST_PASSWORD` respectively. Palo Alto's VMs default to `admin`/`admin`, which is also used as a default, if you don't specify anything.

After you have configured the system under test, you can run the acceptance tests directly using

```
bundle exec rspec spec/acceptance
```

or using the legacy rake task

```
bundle exec rake beaker
```

### Cutting a release

To cut a new release, from a current `master` checkout:

* Start the release branch with `git checkout -b release-prep`
* Execute the [Puppet Strings](https://puppet.com/docs/puppet/5.5/puppet_strings.html) rake task to update [REFERENCE.md](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-panos/blob/master/REFERENCE.md)

```
bundle exec rake strings:generate[,,,,,REFERENCE.md,true]
```
